# Portfolio Project Readme

Hello! Welcome to my portfolio project, where you can learn more about me and explore the exciting new features I've added. This project is built with Vite, React, Node, and uses npm for dependency management.

## Installation

Follow these steps to install the dependencies and run the project on your local machine.

### 1. Clone the Repository

Open your terminal and run the following command to clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Ikergonzalez4/Portfolio.git
```

### 2. Navigate to the Project Directory

Navigate to the project directory with the following command:

```bash
cd Portfolio
```

### 3. Install Dependencies

Make sure you have Node.js and npm installed on your system. Then, run the following command to install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### 4. Run the Project Locally

Once all dependencies are successfully installed, run the following command to start the development server:


```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start the Vite development server, and you can view the project in your browser by accessing http://localhost:3000.

## Project Structure

    src: Contains the project source files.
    .eslintrc.cjs: ESLint configuration for maintaining clean code.
    .gitignore: Files and directories to be ignored by Git.
    README.md: This file, providing information about the project.
    index.html: Main project page.
    jsconfig.json: Configuration for the JavaScript project.
    package-lock.json: File generated by npm to lock exact versions of dependencies.
    package.json: npm configuration file with scripts and dependencies.
    vite.config.js: Vite configuration for the project.

## Contributions

Feel free to explore, test, and contribute to the project. I hope you enjoy exploring my portfolio!